and now 60 seconds with Martin Freeman
get a spray tan or prefer to keep it
pale
I think pale is in these days paper
pants a lot of people imagine that
that's how I'm in show business do an
American accent or a Jamaican accent who
would I rather offend be reincarnated or
hang out as a ghost a ghost because I
think I'd like to still be me even
though I'm often not very happy with me
there's torment people forever
yeah or make them a bit happier I'm glad
that's how you know you'd make people's
lives I'm King miss continue to pester
them yeah give people dating advice or
stay the hell out of them I think stay
the hell out of it I think yeah watch
Love Actually with your family during
the holidays or a Christmas carol is a
better choice I think a Christmas carol
you know begging Richard Curtis his
pardon is a better story but it hasn't
got me in it so that's always been the
down the floor for a Christmas carol for
me so in Love Actually yeah well the
Muppets Love Actually would be quite the
Muppets Love Actually would be good I'd
like to see my scenes in that Kermie as
a standing and now for the Hobbit
questions
have excellent swordsmanship or don't
stand too close to me what do you think
my sore doesn't seem battles no actually
sure is a sword more of a letter opener
really excellent swordsmanship I think
I'm alright with a sword yeah yeah
thanks if I have to keep the prosthetic
feet yeah
or left him on set left him on set yeah
they're too heavy were you pouring sweat
out of them after the end of the day as
well sometimes Heather would take them
off because she'd have to talk me up on
a shave leg the leg would come off and
one time a bit of my talc II sweat
landed in her mouth can you imagine a
sort of milky substance Lant flying into
a woman's mouth they look like our Milky
foot so I can't yeah my publicist is
having a coronary yeah I can't find a
question have a beer with Gollum yeah or
the towards I'm surrounded by dwarves
what are they doing the dwarves
definitely because they're better
drinkers they're more hearty and they
wouldn't be constantly trying to take
something from me this is now acting
what's this thanks this has been 60
seconds with me
Martin Freeman only on Cinemax I should
be I wonder how long my career will last
what a shame is over just as its
beginning